So in this lecture, we'll continue with the Android manifest file.
The insecure bank has the allowed back up attributes set to true in the manifest file.
So what this does is allows an attacker to make a backup of the application data via EDB even if the
device is not routed.
All right, so let's get started.
So I'm sure you remember that we detected that the app has an old backup attribute set to true in the
manifest file.
I can use the ATV backup command to create a backup of the application.
Now, first we got to check the devices.
All right, so let's run the ATV back up command.
And you can see actually a warning has appeared on the screen so we can select back up my data.
He.
All right, so let's list the files.
And this created a back up that a B file that must be unpacked.
So we'll accomplish this by using a Beja and that stands for Android backup extractor file and that'll
convert the backup file to a file.
Right, so now it's downloaded.
Opened up a Web browser.
Search for GitHub, ABC da.
Click on the first Web site, scroll down a bit.
So we'll look at the syntax.
We'll need to right unpack and if the backup file a name for the new thaat file, finally we can add
a password for the compressed file.
All right, so let's click on the releases page.
Download the latest ABC Jar File.
So I'm going to save it to the folder where the file back up is.
All right, so now that is downloaded.
Run Java, dash jar, jar, unpack, backup file.
So give a name for the new file and set a password.
All right, so here is a compressed file with the TAA extension.
And we can uncompress it with the dash, the F parameter.
And there you go, you can see the extracted files were saved in the apps folder.
So why don't we have a little look inside the directories?
Looking through the contents of the back up, we can see files such as my shared preferences and my
DB and that contain sensitive information about users.
And thanks to the cloud backup feature, it was pretty easy to get all the.